sporty efficient and more individual
than ever the new BMW 1-series
available from mid September 2011 at
your local tmw dealer the design of the
new BMW 1-series
extends through the complete line sporty
and powerful the overall impression
youthful agile the new BMW 1-series is
85 millimeters longer than its
predecessor in addition the 71
millimeter extended rear track width
accentuates his powerful figure offered
for the first time individualization
options through BMW lines the new BMW
1-series
is available with BMW sport line or BMW
urban line exclusive design elements and
equipment characteristics for the
interior as well as exterior the
interior first class with high quality
details and absolute driver orientation
the BMW sport line particularly
emphasizes the dynamic facets of the new
BMW 1-series
it covers among other things sport seats
with specific upholstery as well as a
sports steering wheel with red contrast
scenes the BMW urban line appears very
modern and set special highlights with
interior trim from acrylic class the new
BMW 1-series offers a one-of-a-kind
selection of driver assistance systems
and mobility services
the new BMW 1-series also sets new
milestones with BMW EfficientDynamics
technology it's the first automobile in
the compact class with an optional
8-speed automatic transmission and
standard factory auto start/stop
function for both standard and automatic
transmissions the power spectrum for
market release in September 2011 will be
from 116 to 184 horsepower depending
upon model peak values and performance
and consumption produced by the new
petrol engines thanks to the newest
TwinPower Turbo technology the overall
consumption lies between three point
nine and seven point six liters per 100
kilometers every model of the new BMW 1
series offers efficiency at the highest
measure the new BMW 1-series
trailblazing for a new era of driving
joy in its class